Update language on forms/actions & tasks (#59)
medic/medic-docs: configuration/developing-community-health-applications.md

## Overview
The _Community Health Application Framework_ was designed and built for a new wave of community health workers and integrated health systems. With it you can build applications for community health workers, nurses or skilled birth attendants in communities or facilities, managers on supervisory visits, and other people who deliver care and support. The framework supports any language and works with or without internet connectivity, running on basic phones, smartphones, tablets, and computers. We are committed to developing open-source software, sharing learnings, and lowering barriers to adoption, scale, and reach for these tools.

> Applications built with the framework can have automated and prioritized lists of upcoming tasks, covering all of a health worker's activities in their community. Health workers are guided through tasks — such as screening for high-risk pregnancies or diagnosing and providing treatments for children — and get real-time indicators for progress towards their goals. These workflows are highly flexible and developed using a combination of XForms, JavaScript, and JSON. The XForms portion extends the ODK XForm notation, and is used to define forms. App designers can use basic form building functionality to build “care guides” that take health workers through care protocols and provide decision support for their interactions with patients. Forms also allow CHWs to register new families and people, assess a sick child, and enroll a new pregnancy into an antenatal care schedule. Forms can live in many parts of the app including the Tasks, People, and Reports pages. The JavaScript and JSON portions allow for full control of tasks, targets, and contact profiles, as well as other application settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications built with the framework can have automated and prioritized lists of upcoming tasks, covering all of a health worker's activities in their community. Health workers are guided through tasks — such as screening for high-risk pregnancies or diagnosing and providing treatments for children — and get real-time indicators for progress towards their goals. These workflows are highly flexible and developed using a combination of JavaScript, JSON, and XForms. The JavaScript and JSON portions allow for full control of tasks, targets, and contact profiles, as well as other application settings. The XForms portion extends the ODK XForm notation, and is used to define forms. Forms allow CHWs to register new families and people. Forms also allow CHWs to complete surveys, care guides, and decision support, eg when assessing a sick child, or registering a new pregnancy for antenatal care schedule. Forms can live in many parts of the app including the Tasks, People, and Reports pages.
```

### App Forms

> Workflows within your app rely heavily on forms for Contact creation/editing, care guides/decision support, and surveys. When a user completes a form, the contents are saved in the database with the type `data_record`. These docs are known as _Reports_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflows within your app rely heavily care guides, decision support, and surveys, which are collectively referred to as "app forms". App developers use the XForms standard to define app forms. When a user completes an app form, the contents are saved in the database with the type `data_record`. These docs are known as _Reports_. 
```
